feat: implement a `DataSource` (#4)
wolfenrain/wattles: docs/overview.md

# Overview 🎯

> Wattle(s) is a strongly typed Dart ORM that does not require generating code to function. It is inspired by many tools including [TypeORM](https://typeorm.io/), [Mikro ORM](https://mikro-orm.io/), and [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wattle(s) is a strongly typed Dart ORM that does not require code generation. It is inspired by many tools including [TypeORM](https://typeorm.io/), [Mikro ORM](https://mikro-orm.io/), and [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/).
```
